Hello, this is our transcription software!
Oh my god, it's working.Right now she's just gonna like... Well, welcome. Tech Lab people. Thank you for having us here today. content there for everything. today. We really appreciate it. Thank you. or not been initiated. So, We're here to present to you a little bit of what we've been doing. We know that you presented to us several problems you had with cysts. with your CRM things. but considering the complexity of that we've also decided to look into. and suggest some other... proposals. especially surrounding our... artificial intelligence in your... and invest relations. for a company like something that. And we also developed a little something. that we'll present later. regarding the trends. the description problem that you were facing. So let's take a look. Starting with... albeit generating fluorescence. But benoch, there are similar types of radiation as a disease,casual. Cause食べ is the best instant paradise in space. Just look at that. There you go. So siguiente vie de pessoa, Obviously that's the industry you guys work in. So we looked at some key... We bode it down to for problems. that we from what that you've told us that you... you guys face. and we supplement. into that with our own research. of possibility things that you fainting for and they come down to these four things so innocent you are given a lot of data from different systems like you make. You know you have two different systems. that don't talk well to- So that's the things I'm having so much fun. data as well as these multi-platforms that don't integrate. work together well. That aside, there's a lot of... of different communications. that you have to talk about. to on a regular basis. that it's hard to keep track. of that. and in relation to that community. It's all serious. hard to see on the other end of the community. how people respond to that so what is there sentiment based on what you've presented. or in the case how and the client are they to invest in something. or So based on that Great. Decided. to uh an hour down 123. emerging trends. And so starting with... the LLM and data. This is the love. Very cool one. and we are now starting to. understand the importance. an impact of how And there it is! as well as the ESG technology helps company truck better visualize better. their goals and turns. and virtual. Thanks for your specter cry. into why this is important in the next slide. So in terms of virtue, I'm the VR and... are enabled. companies like San Francisco. there to develop. 3D model. for investors. to be able to understand. concepts such as performance. or any relevant message. much better. to be more interactive. back to and growth trends much more. Investors can also use it for analysis of market trends and comp... which is uh very helpful for providing. and providing deeper insight. Thank you very much. Okay, yeah. Yeah. That's like no. the technologies that we are incorporating. health, for example. Tableau. I think something's out there. It's a fish. Do you realize that… much better and it also helps for visualizing data such as performance metrics. further just laying into their investment. And now... I'm gonna talk about the power of putting a large language model. with unstructured data. of like on top of it. sentiment analysis. So, um... First I'm going to define... and a large language model. So that's... is a... software that can return a conclusion based on the bits. So much data in it. point about news article. social media. an unofficial trend. use part of the internet. And when you put these... two things together. you can engage the sense. market sentiment. For example, how do shareholders feel about. certain operational ship. Um How do investors feel about- the earnings for that quarter. how the market is feeling. as well as I identifying like companies. and products and people. and like in our research. This is a tool we've been using. It's called... It has... Here is our 3 strength. So besides using unstructured data and natural language, not natural language, learning to reiterate. on itself and... um and knowledge and is constantly getting... it provides and it provides real analytics. Now we look that.  what Hank mentioned. which solves this. this problem. It's called reDi. It has three main... functionalities. first being productivity. How can it help you with your- day-to-day tasks. Well, it can take your box it connects to things like Outlook, G- The famil splice really шey practitioners해욵 The maPuttonAplain Preview The man ji goggles Theinters physique The summarize key emails in your inbox or other messages and based on those summaries it can also generate topics. So for example, you come in on a... Monday morning you have A full inbox. and it would be big, top. generations for that. for things for you to focus. On top of that, we're gonna- the meeting's point. What it will do is it and listening on your... teams, Google Meet. and it can take a lot of time. notes it can transcribe. the meeting. Life. and with also with AI translation. and it allows you see live metrics. For example, how engaged... the person you're pretending to. or if you you see that they're confused, for example. it will flash that. and allow you to then... based on that target of the... And finally it kind of relates- productivity but it's So based on this topic... that it generates. at the start of the week, for example. It can use what it... but it calls a smart... scheduler to make a... schedule for your week. day and time accordingly. It has a speaker code. to improve your skills. you're presenting. and you can upload meetings to this tool and then you and you know, for you and... and go through it again. all the metrics. not live but And this is a little screenshot. of an interface. the temple where you're reviewing. transcript it gives you some That's just for you. to get an idea of. some of the tools that are out there. if you need more... examples of the two. I actually have you used it in one of my... I was so... working with with a research company. and I was surprised. This is actually how the idea... God. I received them. email after hour. uh, the I had all of the notes of different things that I wanted them to do as a further research for me. For me it was super simple. because I didn't know that the tools are already that advanced. Speaking of those... We if this This is a place that we are... right now is not the next... evidence. and it's a huge company. I really don't know what it is. We already know ooh And there is working in more than 25 countries as there are the big ones and there are also I mean small country that you're also working with. And we know that for you it's vital to be able to communicate. with international... clients. and in and all. to be able to understand each other. So I want to... to your attention. The wordly is the soft... where that... brings audio and text transcription to your presentations as well as translation in 50 languages. and more than 2000 of different languages. And not only that, but these works with the... the most major streaming meeting software which are Google teams, Zoom and Microsoft teams. Zoom and Google Meet. up and or something very important. . . as an evidence that this company is actually big and they have a real value proposition, we presented a little of their clients. bridge stone, auto your support. and EY, I believe that everybody here knows this company, believe that this is sufficient evidence that this company actually brings. very good value. So, how does it... Imagine the... I'm in a meeting right now. Now I'm speaking to home. the people for some reason don't know Don't speak English so I need understand them. I'm gonna go to... software that you're seeing over here on the previous slide. I'm going to choose. After I chose his language Which whatever they- say in their language. switch or whatever link. which it is, it's gonna be translated to my... own language. understand it. This happens while the the presenter speaks in. to a connected device. and afterwards That transcription He's being... recorded and connected. to And we'll see you guys next time on a Touche rider Bright First 2 canoe team Life can't which translates to the tendons preferred language. Firstly, this is some of the perks of the software is that really really understand different dialects. and accent. sometimes based on your... region can be. very hard to notice even if you... know if you know the language for example under is associated with age detection So I only don't have any clue What I just saw you show So I only have an eye Saudia So I need Weaur!! So I don't at least have a eye of optimism The only that I don't have is When I was at my school It's a little bit hard to get to know what exactly they are speaking. Yes. Also, as I already mentioned... They are working at one of the largest I imagine. that you're conducting meetings there every day. something really important. important is that I I believe the at some of your meetings. there is, for example, in an interpreter. the problem with the interpreter is that it can... attend to only one meeting. when it comes to me wordly can attend all of your meetings. and provide a sufficient value. We'll save you with that at the end. and also there are some limitations this is not your software it's not going to be us agile to your custom. to your customers. needs us it can be a custom software. and also done. uh... languages that they are working. Are gig can be a limiting factor if there is a particular language that is not included in the airport volume. And I... I believe that we have a solution for that. Perfect. So what we made is... this idea. is a custom transcription. So, just to end- which is able to see what you're saying, then it transcribes it into actual tests. In this case, it's English, but... can be spanish by using an open AI which is the people that judge. DPT for a model called whisper, which is able to listen to this audio and make it and it can listen to different languages and transcribe them and translate. them instantly. Basically how it works is... we have the live audio. can be you in a meeting or A client speaking. which has been Transcript it into... text and and then, cours dus dans to. which looks like this a little bit and we'll show it later. But it also downloads the actual transcription as a TXT so you can access later and analyze it to see. if it's if you need for analysis or if there's something important that you Remember, you can go back at it. And now time for the light. For the life of the moon you can see this whole... presentation was actually being transcribed using our software. Wait, let me end. As you can see, here's the our solution. And... You can see that as I'm talking, the text is actually. being transcribed as a... I'm talking in real time. So our solution is very easily scalable and it can translate from... over like a hundred legs. languages to these 100 languages. It is very low cost and can be. locally for free or scaled with the Microsoft. products for like very cheap. It's also... extremely customizable even though it might take time. to initially set it up. but it's completely f- functional and is... very lightweight and can be integrated in law. of ways it can also take a recording. of a meeting at... options over it and toss also saves locally the trash. of the meeting and can be used to make quick notes using. also another. AI modules. Yeah We talked a little bit. before you can integrate. using Azure, which we know that you're... ready to sing for a parts of your business you can use it as a function or as another application itself that can be easily integrated in your systems and it's highly customizable. since it's tailored for... for you and your systems. It's not like... any pre-made solution. that will be general. this can be used. for your specific needs. and also It's very important. that they should be rolled out. Organization Wait! to ensure that the data that is trained on can be optimal and can be as good of a product as possible. I mean, we've talked a lot about... but the most important to us. what they contributed. the blood and who was collapsed. Thank you for your attention. I need to if you want to know what this means. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And now... also questions. We thank people for- It's so fun. They translated... because we're using a a model that's like a model. like the technical team. consideration to pay attention. to during the translation. you can like customize it. And like, especially like these k- It's very easy to resolve. and you're just like, give it. some sort of examples. and basically... like follow along with your the technology that you I'm not gonna lose an hour alone.  Teach it a new word. They're own words. a large targets model. you So, what did this... information to my It's sort of what this... too much. Yeah, yeah, it's amazing. I'm gonna show you later, but no my laptop is in the bus but yeah, never mind that.  The important thing about... our model is that you WESPER, which is a research project made by OpenAI. which means that it's not only Open source, source complete. but it also... It's also being... are re-done. As time passes, so it's... being improved with. state of the art technology. since its research. So they're trying to make it as best as possible. possible. always benefit from this. that is and it will be maintained. for a while By the way, put it in your... So if you're probably gonna start... and having all this stuff. Yeah, that's right. Okay. and the pizza make sure that RoH check out those dropouts Thank you.  Like there's some things in there. No, no, I deleted all of it. We're gonna tell Mike. Right now she's just gonna like...
.